==Paperclip Cloud Storage

Paperclips is a great way to save files in a rails app.  With this gem you
can have the files saved to your Rackspace Cloud account.

==Credits

Most of the cloudfile.rb code was written by  http://github.com/minter/paperclip.

==Usage

In your model:

  class User < ActiveRecord::Base
    has_attached_file :avatar, :styles => { :medium => "300x300>", :thumb => "100x100>" },
        :storage => :cloudfile
  end

== Configuration

In your config directory make a file called paperclip_cloud_storage.yml

You can 'environment-space' this just like you do to your database.yml file, so different environments can use different accounts:

         development:
           username: hayley
           api_key: a7f...
         test:
           username: katherine
           api_key: 7fa...
         production:
           username: minter
           api_key: 87k...
           servicenet: true

This is not required to, however, and the file may simply look like this:
    username: minter...
    api_key: 11q...

In which case, those access keys will be used in all environments. You can also
put your container name in this file, instead of adding it to the code directly.
This is useful when you want the same account but a different container for
development versus production.

* +container+: This is the name of the Cloud Files container that will store your files.
This container should be marked "public" so that the files are available to the world at large.
If the container does not exist, it will be created and marked public.

* +path+: This is the path under the container in which the file will be stored. The
CDN URL will be constructed from the CDN identifier for the container and the path. This is what
you will want to interpolate. Keys should be unique, like filenames, and despite the fact that
Cloud Files (strictly speaking) does not support directories, you can still use a / to
separate parts of your file name, and they will show up in the URL structure.

== Test

Coming soon needed for project now. If you would like to contribute super, and thanks.

